tensorboard --logdir=runs

python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Google
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Apple
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Facebook
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Amazon
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Microsoft
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Twitter
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Nokia
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Philips
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Sony
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Shell
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Tesla
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Volkswagen
python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Toyota
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Google
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Apple
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Facebook
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Amazon
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Microsoft
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Twitter
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Nokia
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Philips
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Sony
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Shell
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Tesla
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Volkswagen
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Toyota
 

python main.py -strategy TDQN -stock Apple
python main.py -strategy PPO -stock Apple
 
